you're tired of not knowing whether to play
64 or play minecraft seriously these two
games are great and there is not enough
time to dedicate ourselves to each one by
God at least child for this so
good guys today I bring you a way to
the 64 already know what a
boom the mods in 104 and for god a
youtuber mexican zimmer thank god
seriously very much you can happiness me
da I'm not youtuber mexicana said
this mod of the 104 of minecraft so is
guys we can have things of greater in
the 104 is great points that have
that seeing this mode is really
very well accomplished by god I do not know of the
best modes I 've seen is
worked elaborate and is a bit small
but my god is the first phase and you 're
see that in you will want to add
many more things besides that
showers is one of the virtues that most
They are close to their community nearby
are not closer together
buried of your community and any
thing that you want the city made
I leave your twitter and your channel
to have it happen because nothing of this
way is merit of mine is everything for her in
I want you to really take many
thanks for the tennis permit for
do this review and nothing will start
with this mode that has enough things
very interesting
So what to teach them, I think there's no
to waste more time and go there
good guys x 2 with steve and we're
in our great block of minecraft
can see then choose a house that is
it looks like minecraft because of this to
the mod the incredible mold that I speak to you
and well let's see them if you have to
bring this great way that good we're going
here to the party to the party the report to
the part of beds this minecraft bed
as you can see it costs 270 if millions and
gives you 3 energy is very good is a
normal bed of 2004 but see add
good of that sense as if it were
manga let's put it here we're going to
change it for what we have here
normally it 's goodbye and have our
Great minecraft bed is great to me
I loved in this bed see this bed
come here is kind here is
it's pretty pretty pretty good
gotta I think I loved this
well, it looks pretty good besides
the map is nice you have to say it is
pretty the map
the next item is one of the best
systems that you will find in this game
in this game in this mod
and well let's put a few here
about four with is with pallets and well that
first of all we have the tables of
kraft I see that they are not left behind I think
what does he have
the model is from the faithfull text but
the same they are very very very well
gotten is not there that stays very
ok with the whole square theme and
here they have creative tables
even great is beautiful but this is not
it ends here clear that no
we also have chests that my god to
see steve steve come here steve you can not
put I do not think you can not put anything
but yes yes you can put things
over let's see we have here
let's see for any little thing we say
a watch we are going to put here
this clock here is there yes how can
see we can put things on top but not
we can
open it, so to speak, because the
way nothing else add those things
decorative what good if you do not want
and put it you will find it in the part of
cameras here will have this part of the
sierra will not be achieved and who
found on the bedside table is my
bedside table and here is how can
see is great and it 's very well and
to change the view of kraft me
as you can see there are different designs
which is the kraft table in the chest and
this is a tmt that you see everything
red so nothing let's see the design
of the tnt that is not far behind
it is very very very
Well done seriously, it's very, very good
achieved I love this mode well these
had this see this tmt that pixels
more defined with the nor s s plant
and good to finish good indeed
it does not end there are still enough
things we go to the world to build we put
here in tapestries and we have a new
upholstery that is the upholstery of minecraft
as you can see it serves as if it were like
stones and this gives us this
just see how it looks, we're going to
way to live and it's a little bit is a
little bit dark but we worry about 80
in good thought of us and added
minecraft torches oh my god those
things these things are going to do
the best in the 104 by god and clean
that you do that way well this adds
Minecraft torches illuminate illuminate
very well besides they are very cheap
since you already know from you that
torches are are quite cheap in
minecraft for that very reason they must be
cheap in theaters 4 also not
I suppose we are going to fill all this with
torches and so on and so I love you
will split these torches or I think that
both of the stone and the torches
they are very very well achieved by not
say that they are perfectly achieved
in their 100% see this or see the
model of the night is great I
love I love I love it like that
which I love
so well I think this mode this
mode does not end here guys for a
this is the first update
that we have brought chan the first phase
of the mod so to speak look here is
the school but good is the first phase
of the mod will add many more things
at least I hope to see more things like
for example I do not know if well a little
more than walls it would be good to see more
parents do not achieve wooden walls can
put also of brick there
a lot of things to exploit I do not know
besides that it has many blocks
minecraft and can therefore also
exploit them no I do not know this one do not have
very much where to draw in truth but
chan I know you'll see this and I do not know from
here many congratulations indeed
I think that this nickname is very very very very
very very very well accomplished and expect more
things about you I do not think you deserve it
so as a kid he told you the link of the
download in this way in the description
Obviously there will not be the download link
good will be the video of 2 am
so they go and see it also if it is
who do not know you know
and also there then she will explain to you a
little bit more of his humor because I think that
there is no one to explain it better than
her so there you will have it guys nothing
more than telling them that I hope we're
they download it play it and if it
download do not forget to send me your photos
on twitter I'm nobody and we wait for you
well I hope we 're seeing each other in
an upcoming video chao